---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bootstrap-v1_satellite_list Data Source - bootstrap-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# bootstrap-v1_satellite_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) A label selector string to filter the results based on resource labels. If specified multiple times, the union of resources which satisfy a label-selector will be returned.
- `labelselector` (String) Deprecated: a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) SatelliteSpec defines the desired state of Satellite (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) SatelliteStatus defines the observed state of Satellite (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `host_name` (String) node name of the satellite node.
- `host_uplinks` (Attributes List) Uplinks to be created for the satellite node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--host_uplinks))
- `id` (String) ID of the satellite node.
- `mac_address` (String) MAC Address of the satellite node.
- `port_template` (Attributes) Port template to be used for the satellite node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--port_template))
- `satellite_profile` (String) Satellite node profile to be used for the satellite node.
- `type` (String) Type of the satellite node.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--host_uplinks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.host_uplinks`

Optional:

- `host_port` (String) HostPort interface of the satellite uplink.
- `satellite_port` (String) Satellite interface of the satellite uplink.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--port_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.port_template`

Optional:

- `connectors` (Attributes List) List of connector components within the SatellitePortTemplate.
Used to define the type and location of connectors. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--port_template--connectors))
- `name` (String) The name of the SatellitePortTemplate.
- `port_mappings` (Attributes List) Uplinks for the SatellitePortTemplate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--port_template--port_mappings))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--port_template--connectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.port_template.connectors`

Optional:

- `slot` (String) The slot of the connector, e.g. 1-65, connector will get configured on esat-<id>/1/c65
- `type` (String) The type of connector, e.g. c1-100g.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--port_template--port_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.port_template.port_mappings`

Optional:

- `downlinks` (List of String) Downlinks for the SatelliteUplink.
- `primary` (String) The primary uplink interface for downlinks.
- `secondary` (String) The secondary uplink interface for downlinks.




<a id="nestedatt--items--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.alarms`

Read-Only:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.deviations`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `state` (String) status of the satellite
- `uplink_statuses` (Attributes List) add status for UplinkInterfaces (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--uplink_statuses))

<a id="nestedatt--items--status--uplink_statuses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.uplink_statuses`

Read-Only:

- `host_port` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--uplink_statuses--host_port))
- `satellite_port` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--uplink_statuses--satellite_port))

<a id="nestedatt--items--status--uplink_statuses--host_port"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.uplink_statuses.host_port`

Read-Only:

- `interface` (String)
- `operational_state` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status--uplink_statuses--satellite_port"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.uplink_statuses.satellite_port`

Read-Only:

- `interface` (String)
- `operational_state` (String)
